Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Mr. and Mrs. Siegel?
Yeah.
Your son's out of
surgery. He's alive.
He's alive?
- Thank...
- I'm sorry. He's alive.
but his brain's permanently
damaged beyond repair.
What the fuck are you saying?
David's body is
perfectly functional.
but he'll never speak. he'll
never move. he'll never think.
Never again.
This is never easy to bring up.
but organ donation
is a gift that...
Would you like me to tell you the
little story of right hand. left hand?
The story of good and evil?
H-A-T-E.
It was with this left hand
that old brother Cain struck the
blow that laid his brother low.
L-O-V-E.
You see these
fingers. dear hearts?
These fingers has veins that
run straight to the soul of man.
The right hand. friends.
The hand of love.
Now watch. and I'll show
you the story of life.
These fingers. dear hearts.
is always a-warring and
a-tugging. one agin tother.
Now watch 'em.
Old brother left hand...
left hand hate's a-fighting.
and it looks like
love's a goner.
But wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Hot dog. love's
a-winning! Yes. sirree.
It's love that won.
And old left hand hate
is down for the count!
Today is a big day.
Couldn't sleep. Got up early.
I'm waiting for a
call from Charlie.
She's gonna let me know when
Byron Stallings is back.
I feel like it's
gonna be a big day.
Big day.
Come on. Come on.
Boys. Boy. boy. boy. boys.
Hey. pussy.
Hey. hey. hey. hey.
Still no word from Carlo?
Not a peep.
It's fucking weird. right?
He better not be passed
out in some motel room.
or I'll cut his balls off
and feed 'em to my dogs.
What about Moss?
He's on his way.
All right. Hi.
Hi.
Hey. Stallings just
got back to his place.
Wait. you're going there now?
- Yeah. of course. I'm on my way there now.
- Okay. But. Sugar. he's...
- He's the key to finding her.
- Byron Stallings is a very dangerous man...
Ruby. don't worry. I'll
be okay. All right?
All right. put away the
Candy Crush and let's powwow.
I want to know what the hell
happened to Dibenidetto.
Hey now.
Change of plans.
Get the fuck up!
Hey. What do we got?
Senor Stallings. some known
associates. two Dobermans.
No sign of Olivia Siegel. not that
they'd let her out in the open.
Doors on both sides. steps in
the back. and they're armed.
All right. If I'm not
back in ten minutes?
Of course. Just like always.
Like always.
Come.
Good dogs.
Olivia.
Hey.
It's the mystery man.
Almost.
To the rescue.
I'm unarmed. I'm unarmed.
I don't wanna hurt you.
You don't wanna hurt me?
I don't want violence.
Five punches?
In my book. violence is
Manny shoots you in the knee.
while I stop you from wriggling
around with my boot on your head
so I can saw your arm off.
I mean. that's violence.
I understand you being
drawn to it. I really do.
That feeling of power.
But that's not what I want for
me. for any of you. all right?
I just want Olivia back.
Please. I just wanna
bring her home.
You're a strange cat. man.
You're. like.
convincingly strange.
But for you. I mean.
what happens next. it's
already been decided.
Who decided? What do you mean?
I don't think Charlie's coming
to your rescue this time.
What the hell is going on?
What's going on is.
you're a dead man.
- Manny.
- No. don't! Don't!
Look. just tell me where she is.
I will let you
surrender to the cops.
The unarmed mystery man is
going to let us surrender.
- Thank you.
- Yeah. well. it's either that.
or I will kill you all.
Uh-huh.
Shoot him.
What the hell?
Goddamn it!
Someone told you
I was coming. Who?
No.
Bad news. huh?
No. no. no. I know that number.
Bad news is right.
Those fucking people.
Where is she? Where's Olivia?
Fuck you.
I didn't want this.
Where's Olivia?
Fuck you.
Where is she?
I have no fucking...
Yo. yo. yo. Honey. I'm home.
Hey.
Your friends are gone.
I'll just go. and I won't
say a word. I swear.
Okay. Go.
Wait.
You got a phone I can borrow?
Mine's not safe anymore.
Thanks.
- We're sorry...
- No. Charlie.
- A number that is no longer in service.
- They got to Charlie.
Melanie.
Not everything's like a movie.
I know that.
Sometimes. a thing is just
a thing that happened.
Uniquely. in itself.
Incomparable.
And yet. I can't help it. I keep
thinking of... What's that one?
Kim Basinger and Russell
Crowe and it's the '30s.
What's it called?
Oh. right. L.A. Confidential.
It's all about betrayal.
David shot himself.
He's still alive. but
the doctors say the
amount of trauma.
the damage to his brain is...
Anyway. he'll never be the same.
You know. it's too much
too soon. Too easy.
You get born into all this.
and then you get that.
and then more and
then more. you know?
It's not all his fault.
I was remembering the first
time I took him to Vegas.
It was a distributor's convention.
and he was only 12 or 13.
And you have to be at least
18 to go on the casino floor.
and he was with me. he was a Siegel.
and the pit bosses looked the other way.
so...
Anyway. none of the rules applied.
and I took him to the craps table.
And I let him throw
the dice for me.
And I'm telling ya.
he rolled those dice.
He didn't throw a
seven for over an hour.
And the place was...
it was going crazy.
He made over $40.000 before
he finally crapped out.
So. I took him to this steak
place after to celebrate.
And...
You know. it was so sweet. It was
so sweet. David was so excited.
He was. "That was
fun. That was easy.
I can't wait to go back
and play some more."
And I felt like I should
say something as a father.
As a father. That
that was an outlier.
That kind of luck is rare.
But I didn't say it.
I didn't say anything.
because at that moment.
David was happy.
And for me. that's
all that mattered.
Not that that's a sentiment
you would understand.
You know. I'm sorry.
That's unfair. That's...
You did the best you
could. We all did.
It's just not
enough. Not enough.
Anyway...
Margit and I talked.
and we're gonna let Davy go.
I could do that
for him. at least.
You know. I...
You know. I'm sorry to
bother you with this.
It could have
waited. but I just...
Oh. God.
It's me.
- Sugar. What?
- Close the door.
What happened?
Okay. so if you don't mind. there's
a drugstore around the corner.
Just get tape and
get bandages. iodine.
A sewing kit. Heavy-duty.
- Jesus Christ.
- I know. You should probably get going.
I'm not going anywhere.
I'm calling an ambulance.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
No. I'll be fine. I just...
We have to call someone.
No. no. No ambulance.
No hospital.
I'm not a doctor. Sugar. I
don't know what I'm doing.
No. no. no. You're doing fine.
Could you bring my bag?
There's someone we can call.
- This number. This is Henry.
- Okay.
- He's my friend.
He'll know what to do.
Thank you for coming.
Okay. Give it to me.
- Henry.
- Johnny.
Let's bring him
into the bathroom.
Yeah.
Okay. take his legs.
Ready? Let's go.
One. two.
She was gone.
You can't seem to stay
out of trouble. can you?
I need you to go to the drugstore
and get some more Betadine.
Like. right now. please.
Come on. John. All right?
John.
All right. No? All right.
You're gonna be okay. my friend.
Here we go. Five.
four. three. two. one.
I left him some clothes. Just
some sweats. underwear. whatever.
You sure you're okay
staying with him?
I mean. I would.
but my work is...
No. of course.
He must really trust you.
All right. He doesn't move.
He doesn't go anywhere.
He stays in that bed.
I'm sorry. Why can't I
take him to a hospital?
Because it's not safe for him.
What the fuck does that mean?
What the fuck is going on?
I was gonna ask the same.
I'll check in tomorrow.
Hurts.
Serves me right for what I did.
Long day.
and it's not over yet.
- Hey.
- Hey. I've been calling you.
Hey. you got any water?
What happened at Stallings's?
He knew I was coming.
I mean. what happened?
Are you hurt?
- No. I'm okay.
- All right.
- Well. let me get you some asp...
- I don't want your aspirin!
I told you about this case.
You tipped off Stallings.
I saw the text.
You warned him I was coming.
Why?
- I can't.
- Why?
Why?
Can't.
A man like him?
A trafficker in humans? And
you warned him about me?
No. I told them to
leave. Not attack you.
I would never want you
hurt. You know that.
Where's Charlie? Is she okay?
I don't know.
Believe me. none of
this was my decision.
None of what?
Tell me.
I can't.
I won't.
Stallings took Olivia.
Not for himself or
his typical clients.
the Davy Siegels of the world.
No. he took her
for someone else.
Someone I wasn't supposed to
find. Someone you're protecting.
We're protecting.
Ru.
Whatever it is that's going on
you're hurting. I can see that.
Just help me understand.
You have to stop
looking for her.
I'm allowed to
tell you that much.
Tell me.
They need you to stop looking.
Who's "they"? Huh? "They."
"They. Us."
And if I don't stop
what do you think they'll do?
I don't know.
We have to trust that this
is for the greater good.
All of this. everything...
Everything is for the mission.
Sugar.
Maybe I'll take some
of that aspirin now.
Yeah. Yeah. of course.
I think I have some in this...
It's left upstairs.
I'll be right back. okay?
Sorry that took me
so long. I had to...
Damn it.
Don't you love me?
That's the tough part
of it. but it'll pass.
Most things do in time.
Oh. well.
Not the first time my
heart's been broken.
I should have known. I
should have seen the signs.
You're in a bad way. my boy.
Let me get you something.
No. Thanks. anyway.
But this case. I got too close.
Just like they said I would.
Too late now. I'm in.
Let them come after me.
I'm not stopping.
Maybe tonight... Maybe it's
okay to take a little break.
Just a tiny little break.
Just for tonight.
go home.
Go home.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm